Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hot and hazy weather,
with temperatures
reaching into the 90s,
is expected to continue
throughout the weekend
over most of the Southland.
WORZ news time, 12:00.
Good evening, I'm Don Herbert.
Tonight's lead story
is the daring
and deadly paramilitary robbery
at Camp Pendleton.
It left three marines dead and
at least nine others
critically wounded.
Earlier this evening,
a heavily armed commando unit
held up the payroll
office at the base
and fled with $3.5 million.
The robbers exchanged gunfire
with military police
as they raced
to a nearby airfield
and then escaped
in a twin-engine cargo plane.
The pilot and his teenage daughter
are believed to be held hostage
on board the Baja Air...
Turn that bloody radio off.
...was hijacked...
It's okay, Daxie. It's okay.
Here, keep it under radar.
You heard the man.
An intensive manhunt is
underway as marine helicopter units
track down the stolen craft
which was reported heading south,
presumably towards the border.
All right, I'll take care of it.
Hey, Roxanne.
- Where's the fire?
- Back here.
- Hey, somebody...
- Bert's taking the money!
Stop shooting, Curry.
He tossed a grenade.
Fuck, it's somewhere in here.
I'll kill him.
Where is it?
Pull up!
Pull up, we're too low!
Hold on.
The grenade.
Watch out, it's rolling back.
Jack!
Throw it out!
- The money?
- The money is gone.
Get ready to jump,
we're going after him.
- Where's the money?
- It's gone!
What happened to Bert?
He bailed with the money,
dumb ass.
I saw a house back there
where he jumped.
- We'll be back, Bert.
- Yeah.
We'll be back, Bert.
The plane? Where's the...
Wait, my grenade exploded.
I heard it.
All right, all right,
get it together.
The money.
I was right behind it.
Then it dropped
by these crosses...
like a graveyard.
Jesus, a scarecrow.
Bloody scarecrow.
I'll be damned, the graveyard.
The money's got to be there.
All right, the house.
There's gotta be a car or a jeep
or something there I can use.
Bloody hell...
Bingo.
My lucky night.
Bingo, my lucky night.
What the hell
is down there, Corbin?
Trees and bushes.
Great, let's find
that house again.
That's where he'll go,
the simple fuck.
I spotted it.
Closing, 11 o'clock.
It's the house all right,
looks pretty dead.
Over there.
Hey, Bert, old buddy.
Reading me?
That's right, you no-good,
double-crossing,
scum-sucking son of a bitch.
We are alive.
Damn it, I can't believe it.
- Jack, what's wrong?
- I dropped my harmonica.
You can blow Bert's balls off.
Come on, let's find him.
All right, Bert.
Now it's personal.
- Bang.
- I'm dead.
By the way, Bert, buddy,
we owe you a live grenade, pal.
We'll nail you up
like one of these scarecrows.
Then we're gonna burn you, Bert,
just like you burned us,
motherfucker.
- Hold it, I saw a light.
- Where?
By the house, a car, maybe.
You're crow shit, Bert.
God to Bert,
your birthday's been canceled.
Hey, Corb, hope you didn't
forget your buffalo gun.
- She's right here.
- That's too cruel, man.
That's the gun with
the exploding shells.
And, Bert, this ammo is blessed.
So when I blow
your ass away, buddy,
every piece of you
is going straight to hell.
Over there, the lights,
they're moving.
- Where? Come in.
- It's a truck.
Southeast of you.
It's gotta be Bert. Move.
The cornfield.
He's going after the money.
Rox, your transmission's
breaking up.
Curry, Jack, come in.
Where are you?
Damn it. We're out of range.
Hey, Bert, you dumb fuck,
there's only one road
and we're on it.
This isn't exactly Route 66, is it?
Here, hold this, will you?
It says “Keep out.”
Will you just hold this?
Come on out here, Bert,
you son of a bitch.
I'm gonna rip your heart out
and feed it to you on a stick.
- Give me that.
- Here.
- What's in there?
- The Playboy Mansion.
- That's it?
- Scarecrows.
Scarecrows.
- Jack, Curry, come in.
- We're here.
Bert's heading for the gate.
Are you guys on that road?
- Yeah.
- Well, stay on it.
He's gonna have to come
through you guys.
Here.
Coming to get you, Bert,
you son of a bitch.
Good job.
Come on, Jack.
Heaven can't wait for you.
Heaven?
Graveyard has gotta
be on this road.
There. There it is.
Can't you fly this crate
any faster?
I'm in full throttle.
He picked up the money.
He's getting away.
You're pathetic.
Should I splatter your face
around the cockpit or what?
There he is.
Swing around and get him.
Swing around again.
He's headed your way, guys.
- Which way is that?
- Behind us or in front of us?
Stupid assholes.
Damn, he's turning off the road.
I'm coming down.
Look for a place to land.
This terrain's for shit.
We can't land down here.
We're landing.
- You'll never make it. Never!
- Kellie, stay out of this.
You know, Bert,
we were kind of hoping
you were coming down that road
to give us back our money
and straighten things out,
but you let us down again.
Now you've gone
too far, dirtball.
Yeah, Bert, I think I'm gonna
have to cut you out of my will.
God damn, now what?
The tank's full.
The fucking thing's flooded.
What the...
No engine? Wait a minute.
This is impossible.
What is this?
Some kind of fucking joke?
Listen up, guys.
Bert's stopped the truck.
I can't tell what he's up to.
But he's on foot now about a
half mile west of the house.
We're almost there.
I can smell him, he's toast.
No, take him alive.
The first bullet through
his head is mine.
We're landing
this sucker right now.
There's a field at 4 o'clock.
It may be long enough.
So, how's it feel, Bert?
I mean, it must
be awful frustrating
to have to die with all that
money in your hands.
Yeah, real frustrating.
That money must be getting
awful heavy.
$3.5 million is
a lot of bread for one guy.
It ain't right to be so greedy.
All right, asshole,
just hold it right there.
- You see him?
- Shut up.
Oh, yeah, yeah. There he is.
Hey, Bert,
we're gonna hang you up
like one of these scarecrows
and stuff you full of crow shit.
Hey, Corbin,
start bagging some crow turds.
He didn't hear you, man.
He's into his jungles
and Rambo bullshit.
With his radio turned off,
right?
Whoa, there he is again.
I got him on my scope.
Don't move.
Stand still, Bert.
Just one second,
it'll all be over.
Turn around, Bert.
I wanna shoot you in the back.
Over here.
Where is he?
He's coming toward us.
Keep coming, Bert.
You're heading right for me.
I don't even have to move.
Over here, Bert, on your left.
- Pretty lousy shooting.
- Bert's aim always sucked.
Everything he did sucked.
Now we're both right behind you,
asshole.
We got you covered, Bert,
from behind these scarecrows.
Put the gun down.
You're not going to hurt us.
Curry?
Jack?
Curry? Jack?
Look, you want the money?
Take it.
Curry!
Jack! Take the money.
Please, don't kill me.
Who's he talking to, Curry?
Curry? Jack?
Look, take it.
We don't want your money.
We want your blood, Bert.
Do you want me to run?
Well, I'm not going to, see?
Running's over, Bert.
It's time to bleed.
Like those MP's with their guts
spilling on the runway.
Time to bleed, Bert.
Look, I'm not even
carrying a weapon.
Start praying, Bert.
Look, you want the money?
Well, you can't have it
'cause I've hid it.
So, let's make a deal.
Bert, why don't you
say something, motherfucker?
Come on, scumbag, talk.
Words of wisdom
from a dying man.
Your seatbelt, move. Come on.
Christ, leave her out of this.
- Daddy, stop them...
- Shut up.
Get the ladder down now.
- Look, I'm asking you-
- Don't be a hero, Daddy.
Get the ladder, now!
Look.
Keep your ass on that seat.
No radios.
Nothing's going
to happen to her.
Come on, let's go.
- Hey, Curry.
- What?
How am I gonna live in Mexico
if I don't speak Spanish?
I told you a hundred times,
Paco, I'm gonna teach you.
You're a real pal, amigo.
Lovely.
Hey, the lights are on now.
- What the hell is that?
- Guess we're expected.
This is some creepy shit, man.
Hold it.
Looks like we missed the party.
Bert.
Yeah.
Check out the inside, will you?
Somebody lives here.
Not anymore, they don't.
Come on, check it out inside.
Bullshit, man, you check it out.
You're always
such a fucking pain in the ass.
What am I, your mother?
Hey, Bert.
Christ, you think
about knocking?
Knock, knock.
Asshole.
It's Rambo.
That you, Corbin?
Get down here.
I'm gonna look for Bert.
I'll tell you, whoever
lives or lived here
was very fucking weird.
Into devil worship or some shit.
Hey, guys, I'm coming up
the trail. I can see the house.
Who lives here?
Mailbox says "Fowler."
There's a picture
of three very mangy guys.
Bert could have killed them
but there 's no bodies,
just some very ugly vibes.
Slow down,
I'm getting stickers everywhere.
You'll live. Come on.
Let me go.
I'm not going anywhere.
Where's Jack?
Jack's still up on the roof.
Hey, Jack, come on
down here, will you?
- Yo, Jack.
- I found it, the parachute.
- Jackpot! Where?
- At least one of them.
- Where is it, Jack?
- It's by these three big crosses.
That's weird,
there's no scarecrows on them.
Great, what else?
Shit.
Come on, get down here,
will you?
For Christ's sake.
I saw a scarecrow,
out there somewhere.
Jack, where's the parachute?
No, no, the scarecrow thing,
it was...
Come on, they're everywhere.
They're all over the place.
Give me this.
Jack, the parachute?
Yeah, it was by these crosses.
You can see it from the roof.
Come on, we're wasting time.
The whole damn army's
looking for us.
We'll follow Bert's
tire tracks out front.
I'll stay with the girl.
Let's go, Jack.
Get away from there before
a scarecrow grabs you, huh?
Bert ran over this one.
Come on, let's go.
Curry, do you get the feeling
- we're being watched?
- NO-
Then how come your finger's
on the trigger?
Shut up, asshole.
I think this place is possessed
by demonic demons.
Your head's gonna be possessed
by the butt of my gun
if you don't shut up.
Demonic demons. Christ.
Get all the stickers out?
Here. Try a little rouge.
It'll make you look happier.
Curry, keep moving
about 10 degrees past
that little bush on your left.
Then turn right.
Hey, Jack, do you have
any idea where you're going?
- We're almost there.
- This way?
See those crosses?
Just to the left.
If I were a crow
I'd be someplace else.
- Corbin?
- Forget it.
He's turned off
his radio again,
so he can go apeshit
by himself.
Yo, Corb, you in the bush
pulling your pipe?
Damn,
I really miss my harmonica.
Coasting status Alpha one one,
Alpha one niner.
Roger, Alpha one one,
one niner. Negatory.
One eight alpha whiskey,
gaining in altitude.
Base, we're heading...
One niner. 3,000...
Heading... one niner.
One zero zero.
From sectors Delta one zero
to Delta one six.
On our way, let's hope we're
on the wanted this time.
Son of a bitch, it isn't here!
He took it!
Come on.
This place gives me the creeps.
- Curry?
- What?
I said those things
give me the creeps.
Yeah, well they
give me the creeps too.
Why don't you just stop
talking about them?
Can you imagine hanging
on one of those things?
You know they had to put the
nail through your wrists
because your hands'
little bones would keep-
Can't use nails.
Those things are
made out of metal
and you can't use
nails on metal.
What if they used a little
metal bolt or something?
- He'd still have to-
- Would you just shut up?
Just some kind of
superstitious things
used to ward off evil spirits.
Hey, Corbin, wait up.
Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!
Daddy! Where are you, Daddy?
Daddy, Daddy, help!
Help me! Please help me, Daddy!
Roxanne, we found Bert's truck.
Looks like the bastard's in it.
WORZ news time, it's 3:00.
Top story: Cuban refugees
are holding 30 hostages...
Alright, Bert, come on out.
Let's not make a mess here.
Meanwhile,
here in the Southland,
one of the biggest manhunts in
California history continues.
Federal agents aided
by Marine helicopters
tracked down the
hijacked plane after
last night's brutal robbery...
Son of a bitch.
- Curry?
- Bart's playing games.
He put a goddamn
scarecrow in the truck.
- He's fucking with us.
- We're running out of time, boys.
If we don't find that money soon
the Army's gonna
have us for breakfast.
...and on the subject of money,
two people were lucky enough
to have selected the six winning
numbers on their lotto 649 card.
So they'll split a jackpot
of 12 million dollars
spread over a 20-year period.
WORZ news time, 3:01.
My luck.
I don 't like this
one bit, Curry.
We're being set up
bigger than shit.
I can feel it.
Well, take your hand out of your
pocket and stop feeling it.
Come on,
these are his footprints.
Which ones? These or these?
These, the boot prints.
Then who made the other ones?
They're just as fresh.
Fuck, I don't know, Jack.
Your damn scarecrow, all right?
Is that what you want to hear?
Look.
Hey, there it is.
Right there, look.
- There it is.
- What?
The money, you idiot.
Now, go on up and get it.
- What the hell is that?
- Bert's chute.
It's the money.
Now, for Christ's sake,
go on up and cut it down.
- You cut it down.
- Jack, just go up and cut it down.
You cover me.
If anything happens to me...
Yeah, yeah.
Come on, let's have it.
Come on, cut it.
For Christ's sake, just cut it, will you?
Come on, pennies from heaven.
Jack!
Shit!
Jesus Christ!
Curry?
We're on the way
back to the house.
Curry's not feeling too good.
Bert's not gonna feel
too good either
- ...when I find him.
- What?
Bert booby-trapped his chute
with some blood and stuff.
And now it's all over me,
Bert, funny man,
like I'm gonna be all over you
when I find you,
you motherfucker.
- Chill out, Curry.
- You 're a dead man, Bert.
A corpse, you hear me, Bert?
A dead man.
- Curry, we'll find him.
- Dead!
That's too weird.
Bert!
- Curry.
- What the hell is it?
- He's here.
- What?
Bert's at the house.
There is a God.
Coming right up.
Fuck him up, come on.
Stop your bullshit games, man,
you tried to fuck us.
Now, where's the goddamn money?
Bert, we're gonna
get it out of you,
one way or another.
Where is it?
Let's just start
with his hand, huh?
Let's just start with
his goddamn fingers.
Who were you shooting at, huh?
Where's the money?
What's your goddamn name?
Stop it, you're killing him!
- Stop it!
- Change her diaper, will you?
You stay out of it.
Jack, where have you been?
Found some green stalks
down by the stream. Hungry?
Motherfucker,
you planned this heist,
and you planned
to double-cross us
right from day fucking one.
Come on, harder.
Piece of shit.
All that time you were just
jacking us off with sandpaper.
Kick his ass.
Hey, there, want an ear?
Best way to eat corn.
Get away from me,
you cold-blooded bastard,
just get away!
Look, leave her alone,
Jack, okay?
Sack of shit. I'll watch him.
- He's a dead end.
- Man.
We're gonna have
to sweep the area.
We'll get it back,
that double-crossing scum.
I've never seen anybody
stand a beating like Bert just did.
He hardly even bled.
Maybe he got a concussion
or something when he landed.
He must have
because he was numb
even before I started
smashing his skull in.
I don't think he can even talk.
I don't buy it.
I think the son of a bitch
took some drugs or something,
then walked in here
hoping we'd kick his ass
and leave him for dead.
Leaving him with all the money.
He knew we'd find him
dragging that cash around,
so he stashed it and took
his chances coming up here.
So now the fucker
is laughing at us
'cause he fried his brain
and we can't get to him.
Well, the joke's on him
'cause I'm gonna be standing on
his dick when he comes out of it.
He's just sitting there
mocking us.
Right behind that face
he's laughing so hard
he's going to bust out
any moment.
All right, asshole, where is it?
Forget it, Curry.
What's the matter, Curry?
Can't you take it?
Jack, help!
Jack, over here!
I'm stuck to this guy!
Curry, move!
Get out of the way!
God damn it, move! Move!
Son of a bitch!
Corbin, hurry!
Curry! Corbin!
Help me, guys! He's not real!
Bastard, put him down!
Jack! Jack, get up!
Corbin, we're gonna go...
Watch out!
Shoot him, Roxanne! Shoot him!
Out of the way, Corbin!
He's not real, man.
What the hell was he on?
Holy fuck,
he's light as a feather.
Cut him open, Corbin.
God, I'm gonna be sick.
No wonder he's so light.
There's nothing in him
except straw and...
Bingo.
The money.
- He ate the goddamn money.
- Hey, Kellie, she's gone, man.
Corbin, go get her!
Don't let them take off!
This is bullshit, man.
We should be taking off.
You think Bert ate that money?
You're all fucking crazy.
Somebody out there
gutted Bert like a fish
and stuffed him full of cash.
Your brains are gutted, dick.
How the hell did he
kick our asses?
Kellie!
Help me.
Honey, please help me.
Oh, Kellie!
Please help me.
Kellie!
It's Daddy, Kellie. Help me.
On, God!
Daddy!
This isn't all of it, you know.
It isn't nearly all of it.
It's hardly any of it.
What if...
You know, whoever lives here,
what if they did that to Bert,
and they're waiting
outside to do it to us?
Why don't you just shut up?
And what if those crosses...
"What if? What if? What if?"
Why don't you just shut up?
Look, let's get out of here.
Let's take the money
we have and split it.
Bert was walking around dead,
for Christ's sake.
We've got to refrigerate this,
it stinks.
You know...
somebody is trying to
scare us out of here...
so they can get the money.
And we are not leaving now.
No way.
We've come this far.
We are not leaving
without that money.
You bitch! God damn you!
Al's dead.
Somebody out there
killed her father...
just like Bert.
You killed him!
You all killed him.
Is she gonna be able
to fly us out of here?
She has to.
Hey.
Hey!
Look!
Oh, my God. The money.
It must have been
in a tree or something
and the wind blew it down.
There's no way the money
spread like that off a tree.
It must have got caught
in an air current
or a wind or something.
- Let's get it.
- And get the hell out of here.
The hell with you guys.
I'm gonna bury her dad.
That's the least we can do.
Hey, don't get too far away,
will you?
Yeah, right.
If you see anything that moves,
shoot it.
I wish I had my harmonica.
Take the path
to your left there.
Yo, Roxanne, we're splitting up.
The money is concentrated
in two separate areas.
We'll get it faster.
I'll be damned.
What? What's wrong, Jack?
You're kidding.
Where are you?
Okay, slow down.
I can't see you.
You hear me, jerk?
Jack, wait up.
Jack.
Jack!
Come in, Paco.
Jack?
Jack!
I'm coming, Jack. I'm coming.
- Which way?
- Curry?
Come on, talk to me, Jack!
Which way?
Jack?
Come in, Jack!
Hey, where are you guys?
Hang on, buddy, I'm coming.
Oh, Jesus. I'm coming. Jack!
What's happening? Jack? Curry?
- Jack!
- Come in.
Damn it, Curry.
Where are you guys?
This way, let's move.
Jack!
Jack, which way, man?
Jack?
Jackie?
Jack, don't do this to me.
Curry? Jack?
Where are you? Who's shooting?
- This way.
- I see 'em.
Come on. Let's go.
What are you shooting at?!
Man, they pulled his
fucking guts out!
Where's Jack?
Listen, I fired at this thing...
and it just kept coming.
Bullets don't stop it!
- What are you talking about?
- The scarecrows, man!
Like Humans. They got Jack!
One of them was missing a hand.
They cut off Jack's.
There were three of them.
The Fowlers, those guys
in the picture, well,
they're just fucking scarecrows
and all I shot was straw.
You people don't understand.
These bastards died
and nobody told them.
And if you're packing exploding
shells in that thing, pal,
they'd better be fucking
sacred or silver,
'cause these
fuckers ain't real.
They're never gonna let us
out of here alive,
you know that, don't you?
I mean, it ain't the money
they want, it's us.
We're dealing with some
kind of zombie, something.
I mean, man, they ripped
his fucking liver out
with their bare hands.
Look, we don't need to
hear this again, alright?
I want to leave right now.
Okay, why don't you do that?
I'd like to see you do that.
I mean I think you should
just take a little stroll
right out there in
the moonlight, kid.
They'll rip your tight
little asshole out
before you can say
“Que fucking pasa?”
I'm not one of you.
They don't want me.
Don't worry, kid.
Nobody's gonna hurt us here.
They're just gonna pick us off
one by one, that's all,
just like those crows on
that fucking fence, huh?
Well, you do whatever
you want to do.
I ain't going out there again.
No fucking way.
Alright, Curry,
you got a better idea?
Yes, I have a better idea.
Let's hear it.
Let's just wait
till daybreak, okay?
And leave three and
a half million dollars-
Guns don't work!
Don't you understand?
I tried it already, okay?
The motherfucker
just kept coming.
I mean, you understand what's
happening here, don't you?
Think about it.
You think it's an accident
we're here, huh?
Well, you tell me why is it
that those MP's just kept firing
at us and they kept missing?
And we kept firing at them,
and they kept falling.
They kept coming and
firing and missing,
we kept firing,
they kept falling.
Why is that?
Don't you understand nothing?
We got away too clean,
don't you see that?
Then we land here, see,
and then it's Bert,
and then it's Jack,
and then it's all of us.
Just one by one, all of us.
What if...
What if they didn't
miss us, man?
What if they hit us, and...
Maybe...
We're dead.
And we're not...
I mean, we're not really here.
This isn't real.
I mean, we're here, but...
none of this is really...
- What was that?
- What?
Who is that?
Hey, man, he's here.
Hey, Jack!
Man, where've you been, huh?
Oh, Jesus, man,
I thought you were toast.
Hey, man, where are you?
Curry, who the hell
are you talking to?
Jack, he's on the radio.
What, are you deaf?
Hey, man, where're you at?
I don't hear anything.
What are you trying to pull?
Look, Curry, let's get the hell
out of here right away, okay?
We'll get the rest of the money
on the way to the plane.
- Come on.
- No!
Jack's on his way
back to the house.
He's got the money.
Jack is dead, man.
He's on his way back to
the house with the money!
- The money is outside.
- You, shut up!
Curry, look, if we don't leave
right now they'll kill us.
You go.
Those things don't go down, man.
Now Jack is on his way
back to the house,
and I'm not leaving here
without him.
Curry, Jack's not coming back.
He's dead.
What are you doing
with Jack's gun, huh?
'III
How are we supposed
to get out of here
if Jack doesn't have his gun?
All right, Curry.
All right, I'll give it to you.
You give it to Jack, all right?
All right.
Now you just get out of here.
We'll be fine.
Me and Jack,
we don't need anybody else.
Now you just get
the hell out of here.
- You serious?
- God damn right, I'm serious.
- Let's get out of here, Kellie.
- Get out!
- Curry, come with us.
- Just get the hell out!
- No trouble, man, no trouble.
- Get out.
Get out.
Get out!
Come on, move it!
Let's go, let's go!
Come on, we can make it!
Come on!
It's Dax, they're hurting him!
Dax?
Kellie, don't listen!
It's not your dog!
Don't listen!
It's the scarecrows!
Dax, I'm coming!
Kellie, come back,
it's not Dax!
- Come on, she's going after Dax!
- Kellie!
- Don't hurt him!
- It can't!
Stop! Kellie!
Daxie, I'm coming!
Daxie, where are you?
- This way.
- I'm coming, Daxie!
Look, I found more money.
Forget the money.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, Roxanne.
Forget the money.
We're getting out of here.
Come on!
Kellie,
we have to get to the plane!
Come back, Kellie.
Where are you?
Kellie!
Roxanne, we gotta make a run
for the plane now.
I'll meet you there.
Go there now.
I gotta get Kellie.
You hear me? Do it. Roxanne!
Dax?
Daxie?
Dax, come here.
Come here.
Daxie?
Dax?
Come on,
your dog's at the plane.
Roxanne?
Come in, Roxanne.
We're getting out
of here right now.
Meet us at the plane.
Just forget the damn money
and get to the plane.
It's not worth it.
Do you hear me, Roxanne?
Forget the goddamn money.
It's not worth it.
Roxanne! Roxanne, come in!
Roxanne!
Hey, Jack. Cémo estés?
He!!! Jack, man.
You never grow up, huh?
He!!! Paco!
There's the plane.
Come on!
Come on, let's go! Hurry up!
Watch the wire.
I got it. Go under!
Go on!
Fly the hell
out of here, Kellie!
Hurry, get away!
Run! Don't stop, Kellie!
Run, run!
Get out of here! Keep running!
Jack?
Look, you fall on me,
you're dead.
- Hello?
- Hello, Curry.
- Over here, in the fridge.
Reach out and touch someone.
Well, who is it?
Jack?
Hey, Jack. Is that you, huh?
Motherfucker,
don't play games with me!
Jack?
Hey, Paco.
It's me.
I'm okay, let's go.
Let's get the hell out of here!
Roxanne? Curry?
Can you hear me?
We're at the plane.
- Hey, Curry.
- You can still make it if you come now.
- How come you locked me out, man?
- This is your last chance.
Let me in there, amigo.
There are scarecrows out here.
Hurry up, Paco.
They're getting closer.
I'm not fooling around.
Let me in, Curry.
Gee, these fucking things,
they're definitely demonic.
Curry, you're not one of them,
are you, man?
Tell me you're not.
Curry, open the fucking door.
It's me, man. It's Jack.
Open the goddamn fucking door!
Hey, Curry,
how are we gonna live in Mexico
if we're dead?
It's okay, Daxie.
We're gonna be okay.
Kellie! Kellie!
I'm coming, Kellie! I'm coming!
Corbin!
Please, Daddy, no!
Daddy, stop, no!
Daddy, no!
Corbin! Help me!
Please, Dad, help me!
Corbin!
Corbin?
No.
No
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org